<font face='$HandwrittenFont'>
In my dream, I see the line of Harbingers start with Ysgramor. Each of them ascends to Sovngarde, until we come to Terrfyg, who first turned us to the ways of the beast. He tries to enter Sovngarde, but before he can even approach Tsun, he is set upon by a great wolf, who pulls him into the Hunting Grounds, where Hircine laughs with welcoming arms. 

Terrfyg seems regretful, but also eager to join Hircine after a lifetime of service as a beast. 

Then I see every next Harbinger turn away from Sovngarde and enter the Hunting Grounds of their own accord. Until it comes to me, and I see great Tsun on the misty horizon, beckoning me. It appears I have a choice. And then, at my side, a stranger I had not seen before. As I look into <Alias.PronounPosObj=Player> eyes, we turn to see the same wolf who dragged away Terrfyg, and <Alias.Pronoun=Player> and I draw weapons together. 

I realize this is only a dream, but a strong enough dream to inspire a man like me to take to writing, so it must be of some import. 

[pagebreak]
I've spoken of my thoughts to the Circle, withholding the part about the stranger lest Skjor worry I will no longer seek his counsel, and I was not surprised to see them torn by it. Skjor and Aela are strong in the ways of the beast, and even seemed to suggest that the Hunting Grounds would be their choice of afterlife, if it were truly a choice. 

Vilkas seemed most troubled. The boy is as fierce as a sabre cat in battle, but his heart's fire burns too brightly at times. He felt deceived, and I don't blame him. Farkas didn't know what to think, but I believe he will come around with me and his brother eventually. He usually does. 

I don't know what to do about Skjor and Aela. I know they respect the Companions, and me, but they take to the blood more deeply than the rest of us.

[pagebreak]
Fortune smiles upon us. Yesterday, Vilkas was telling me how difficult it had been for him to give up his transformations. Until we can pursue a true cure, the twins and I have chosen not to give in to the beast's blood. For me, it's provided a clearer head, but Vilkas seems to be suffering a bit for it. Farkas seems completely untroubled. That boy continues to amaze me with his fortitude. 

While Vilkas was confiding, through the shadows of Jorrvaskr, I saw a newcomer approach, who wished to join our numbers. It might be the stranger from my dream, the one who would stand with me against the beast. Not exactly the same face, but the same sex and race. Vilkas began speaking obliquely, not wishing to air our problems in front of our guests, and I had to be doubly cautious to not reveal anything of our secrets to the newcomer while also not revealing the details of my dream to Vilkas. I don't know how the politicians deal with these sorts of machinations daily. 

In any case, I've sent Vilkas to test the newcomer. We'll see if <Alias.Pronoun=Player> is truly the great warrior I dreamt of. 

[pagebreak]
This newcomer, it seems, is made of decent stock. <Alias.PronounCap=Player> has already impressed some of the Circle with <Alias.PronounPosObj=Player> mettle. I still keep my own counsel on <Alias.PronounPosObj=Player> place in my dream, for now. Let us see what kind of destiny <Alias.Pronoun=Player> is carving before hitching to <Alias.PronounObj=Player>. 

Aela and Skjol have brought two newcomers to us as well. Yes, they are strong and capable warriors too. I don't know if they already know about the beast's blood, but I fear they already decided on their path to it, even if only unconsciously.  

In the meanwhile, I look for ways of cleansing my blood. The writings and legends on the subject are sparse and contradictory. I don't wish to engage any wizardry on this matter, but I fear they may be the only ones who best know how to navigate these worlds of knowledge. 

It's apparent to me now that Terrfyg's choice to turn us was indeed a mistake. Magics and their ilk are not in keeping with the spirit of the Companions. We face our problems directly, without the need for such trickery. I can only hope to guide us back to the true path of Ysgramor before the rot takes me.

[pagebreak]
By the divines... what happened... I still can't believe it is happening. It happened so fast..  these last days seem like dreams to me. The boundary between my dreams and reality is not clear anymore. 

I imagined that the newcomer was the stranger of my dreams. Or at least I tried to convince myself of that. I thought the stranger's face in my dreams was a metaphor for someone else in the reality. But their faces were different, and therefore their destinies. <Alias.PronounPosCap=Player> destiny was Farkas's destiny, as well... The two Shield Brothers lie down somewhere in de depts of Dustman's Cairn.

Vilkas wanted to seek revenge, but I convinced him he should not do that. His heart was filled with anger, and he would not do justice but just vengeance and bloodshed. Aela and Skjor will go instead. They will bring with them some of the newcomers as reinforcements. Man hunting man... Or I should say Wolves hunting man? The hunt will start this night. Aela's Shield Brother will drink her beast blood, and be one of us. One of the beast's blood. One of the Circle. To hunt the dissidents, the Silver Hands...

[pagebreak]
I can't tell whether what is happening right now is reality or a dream. Maybe it is just a dream, a huge dream that I'm going to wake up soon...  

I allowed Aela and Skjol to make justice with their own hands. And their claws. They did not come back. No one has come back yet. They should have come back at least two days ago... I fear their destiny was the same as Farkas. For a long time, the Silver Hands seem to be outmatched by our strength, but this is not the case anymore. 
 
I still don't know where Njada and her shield brother are too. She went to Falkreath to fulfill a contract but did not come back eighter. She was going to be the next in the line to join the Circle. Well, maybe it was for her beast. Alive or dead, if she does not ever join the Circle, she may rest in peace on Sovngarde... Today or someday. 

Vilkas does not speak anymore with me. I felt a deep feeling of revenge in his eyes.  But not any kind of revenge. The same kind of revenge Hircine himself would have with someone who deeply offended him. Yes, he has fallen to the other side. He completely embraced the wolf path. Before he used it just as a source of strength.  But now seems like the old Vilkas is already dead and his wolf spirit is controlling his body.  He shared his blood for the first time last night. 

I feel my dreams are not dreams. That stranger is the one who is causing this game change. 

In my dreams, I still see the stranger. But now I see him along with Krev and Fjol... They seem much older than the last time I saw them. But I can recognize their faces... The stranger seems very close to them ... Most of my life I saw them as traitors. Traitors of the Companions. I didn't expend too much time thinking about their reasons. I just saw what they have done to the name of the Companions an Offence. They could have ruined our group, our history. It was always clear to me that the Companions were much more than a daedric cult of blood sharing. 

But maybe they were right. The Companions may have become in the last centuries a daedric cult of blood sharing. And now, everything is falling apart. Half of our brothers are dead, with no burials. And in the other half, the only things I can feel in them are fear, confusion, and anger. I fear Vilkas will not stop sharing his blood until all the Companions left have been turned into beasts as well...

Ironically, this morning I found the key to curing the beast's blood. But I don't have anyone to aid me in this task. And it is a too hard task for me to complete alone. The key is also poetic justice for the tricksters: burn a Glenmoril witch's head in the Flame of the Harbinger... 

</font>